Docs 5120 landing page for api products pa (#120)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/api-groups-manage-api-group-instance-contracts.adoc

endif::[]

After you grant access to API Group instances in Exchange, a contract is automatically created for it. You can then manage these contracts from API Manager.

To view API Group instance contracts:

. In API Manager, click *API Groups*.
. From the API Group instance details page, click the `version:instance` link for the API Group instance.
+
The API Group instance details page is displayed.
. From the left navigation, click *Contracts* and expand the instance for which you want to view the contract information:
+
image:api-group-instance-contracts.png[View Contracts for API Group Instance]
+
The contracts for the API Group instances are displayed.

To manage API Group instance contracts:

. In API Manager, click *API Groups*.
. From the API Group instance details page, click the `version:instance` link for the API Group instance.
+
The API Group instance details page is displayed.
. From the left navigation, click *Contracts* and expand the instance for which you want to view the contract information:
+
image:ap-group-instance-manage-contracts.png[Manage Contracts for API Group Instance]
+
The contracts for the API Group instances are displayed.

> . For the API Group instance for which you want to manage the contract, click the ellipses button and click *Revoke*.

Reviewer: I think we should add information about the new API contracts page because with API groups in every API contracts page you will see the API contracts and the Group contracts of that API. Also, we need to introduce the concept of `Applied` contract and show the users how they will see it in the UI.

Author: Done! Thanks!

Reviewer: Sorry to reopen this conversation, but please add a section to add this `we need to introduce the concept of Applied contract and show the users how they will see it in the UI.`

Reviewer: ## Why we are introducing applied contracts? 
### Before API groups
The consumer has an application APP and he requests access to API A, so a contract is created between APP and A. There is no way to create another contract with the application APP and API A.

### With API groups
The consumer has an application APP and he requests access to API A, so a contract is created between APP and A. Then, consumer use the same application APP, to request access a group instance G **which has API A in it**, so a contract is created between APP and G.
So now, APP has two contracts:
- One directly to API A
- One with group instance G, so indirectly it has another contract with API A through G. 
As can be seen, APP has two contracts with API A, one directly and one though group instance G.
Which contract will be applied? the contract made directly to the API or the contract made through the group instance G?
The one will be applied we call it `applied` contract and it can be seen in the UI.

## How we select the applied contract?
We mark a contract as applied for an API and an application when it is has the **less restrictive** tier when comparing with the other tiers of the contracts between that APP and that API. Of course, only `approved` contracts are eligible to be `applied` (a revoked contract cannot be the applied one because it is not active)

For example: Let's use the example of the last section:
API contract tier: `100 requests per minute`
Group contract: `10 requests per minute`
The applied one will be the API contract because it is the less restrictive one, it gives the user 90 requests more per minute than the group contract.

Please keep in mind that a contract is applied (or not) for an API, no for a group. For example, using the same example, let's suppose the consumer also creates a contract between the same group instance G and another application (let's call it APP 2).
 - For APP 1 and API A: the applied contract will be the API contract (using the example data)
 - For APP 2 and API A: the applied contract will be the group contract because it is the only contract between the application and the API (APP 2 does not have a contract made directly to the API A).
So that is why `applied` tag cannot be seen in the group instance contracts page because maybe for some APIs is the applied one but maybe for another, it is not (like the example)

Author: Done! Thanks!

Reviewer: Hi @priyaayyar, could you point me out where the applied contract section was added? I can't find it

Author: Done! Thanks!

= Manage API Group Instance Contracts
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

After you grant access to API Group instances in Exchange, a contract is automatically created between an application and the API instance. You can then manage that contract from API Manager.

== Applied Contracts

With API Groups, an application can have multiple contracts with the same API in these scenarios:

> *  An application requests access to an API, and the request is approved. In this case, a direct contract is created between the application and the API. This is known as _API instance contracts_.

Reviewer 2: DITTO FORMAT
```suggestion
*  An application requests access to an API, and the request is approved. +
In this case, a direct contract is created between the application and the API. This is known as _API instance contracts_.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * An application requests access to an API Group instance, which has an API instance with which the application already has a direct contract. This is known as _API Group instance contracts_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* An application requests access to an API Group instance, which has an API instance with which the application already has a direct contract. +
This is known as _API Group instance contracts_.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

When an application has multiple contracts with the same API instance, only one contract is active at any given time. This is known as _Applied contracts_.

.The screen capture displays the contract levels and the contract status for the API instance contracts.
image:api-groups-instance-contracts.png[API Group Instance Contracts,95%,100%]

> 

Reviewer 2: These callouts are spaced but the previous ones are not?

Author: Done! Thanks!

<1> The contracts for an API instance at the instance-level

<2> The API Group for which the contracts are displayed

<3> The applications that currently have a contract with the API instance

<4> The contract that is currently active

<5> The contracts for an API instance at the API Group-level

> An application can have multiple contracts with the different APIs in an API Group. You can view the the API instance contracts at the API Group-level. The contracts are sorted by the applications that are in contract with the API Group. The contract that is currently active within an API Group is displayed as `Applied`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An application can have multiple contracts with the different APIs in an API Group. You can view the the API instance contracts at the API Group level. The contracts are sorted by the applications that are in contract with the API Group. The contract that is currently active within an API Group is displayed as `Applied`.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> When an application has multiple contracts with the same API, the least restrictive tier compared with other contract tiers of the same API is set to `Applied`. Only A contract can be set to Applied status only the contract is first approved. Because a revoked contract is no longer active, it cannot be set as `Applied`.

Reviewer 2: typo
```suggestion
When an application has multiple contracts with the same API, the least restrictive tier compared with other contract tiers of the same API is set to `Applied`. A contract can be set to Applied status only if the contract is first approved. Because a revoked contract is no longer active, it cannot be set to `Applied`.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

== Applied Contracts Example

> To better understand how a contract is set to Applied if there are multiple contracts between an API and an application, let us look at the following example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To better understand how a contract is set to Applied if there are multiple contracts between an API and an application, consider the following example.
```
We never refer to "us" or "we".

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Good Weather requests access to API `Facebook` for an application named `Contacts`. A contract is created between `Contacts` and `Facebook`. Now, the consumer uses the same application `Contacts` to request access to an API Group instance named `Social Chatter` which consists of the `Facebook` API among others. A contract is created between `Contacts` and `Social Chatter`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Good Weather requests access to API `Facebook` for an application named `Contacts`. A contract is created between `Contacts` and `Facebook`. The consumer uses the same application `Contacts` to request access to an API Group instance named `Social Chatter`, which consists of the `Facebook` API among others. A contract is created between `Contacts` and `Social Chatter`.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

In this scenario, the application `Contacts` has two contracts:

* One directly to API `Facebook`
* One indirectly with API `Facebook` because of the contract with API Group instance `Social Chatter`

> Since `Contacts` has two contracts, now the question is which contract will be set to `Applied`. Let us say that the:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because `Contacts` has two contracts, the question is which contract is set to `Applied`. Assume that the:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

* API contract tier: 100 requests per minute
* API Group contract: 10 requests per minute

> In this scenario, the API contract will be set to `Applied` because it is the least restrictive tier. The user gets 90 requests more per minute than the API Group contract.

Reviewer 2: Avoid future tense
```suggestion
In this scenario, the API contract is set to `Applied` because it is the least restrictive tier. The user gets 90 requests more per minute than when using the API Group contract.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Note that a contract is applied for an API, and not for an API Group instance. For example, if the consumer creates a contract between the API Group instance `Social Chatter` and another application `Interests`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that a contract is applied for an API but not for an API Group instance. For example, if the consumer creates a contract between the API Group instance `Social Chatter` and another application `Interests`:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * For `Contacts` and API `Facebook`, the applied contract will be the API contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For `Contacts` and API `Facebook`, the applied contract is the API contract.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * For `Interests` and API `Facebook`, the applied contract will be the API Group instance contract because it is the only contract between the application and the API. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For `Interests` and API `Facebook`, the applied contract is the API Group instance contract because it is the only contract between the application and the API. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

After you grant access to API Group instances in Exchange, a contract is automatically created for it. You can then manage these contracts from API Manager.

> The API Instance contract details are displayed on the API instance page at two levels: all contracts that are directly with the API instance (API instance contracts) and all contracts made with the API groups that consists of this API instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API Instance contract details are displayed on the API instance contracts page at two levels: all contracts that are directly with the API instance (API instance contracts) and all contracts made with the API groups that consist of this API instance.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> An application can have more than one contract with the different APIs in an API Group. When you view the API instance contracts at the API Group-level, the contracts are sorted by the applications that are in contract with the API Group. The contract that is currently active within an API Group is displayed as `Applied`.

Reviewer: I don't think that is clear enough what an `Applied` contract means and why this change was introduced. Also, we should specify how the applied contract is selected. 
I don't understand what are you trying to say with `An application can have more than one contract with the different APIs in an API Group.`

Author: Done! Thanks!
